Feature: Health checks windows service (#13388)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/discovery/checks.mdx

</CodeTabs>

> ### OSService check ((#osservice-interval))

Reviewer: The `((#osservice-interval))` part should be removed. That's only used to create backwards compatibility with an old anchor tag (if a section is renamed). This section never previously existed, so there's no need for an alias!

```suggestion
### OSService check
```

OSService checks periodically direct the Consul agent to monitor the health of a service running on
the host operating system as either a Windows service (Windows) or a SystemD service (Unix).
The check is logged as `healthy` if the service is running.

> If it is stopped or not running, the status is `critical`. All other result sets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is stopped or not running, the status is `critical`. All other results set
```
